#About these notes
This is primarily notes on the audio classes of Rabbi Benyomin Walters on the Shaar Hayichud of the Mittler Rebbe.
There are two types of addititions to those shiurim: Some are {enclosed in braces like this}. That means that I'm not %100 sure that it's accurate, so take it with a grain of salt. Of course, I think its probably ok, otherwise I woudn't have put it in. (Actually, at least once I included something which I realized later was wrong, but I left it in because it was still interesting. It's marked as such in the notes.)
Chapter 25 discusses Chochma and Bina. The Mittler Rebbe asumes that you already know what he explained about them in chapters 1 and 2. It would be a good idea to learn those, at least before chapter 25. A translation and explanation of the first 39 chapters is available online at truekabbalah.com And, of course, Rabbi Walters translation and explanation is available on Amazon, I believe. Also, R' Hilel Paritcher's biur beis to chatper 1 is pretty awesome. According to my note in my sefer, it is very understandable untill page 308 (It starts maybe 5 pages before that. It's printed at the end of the shaar hayichud). A loose english rendition is available in the beggining of the Kabbalah packet. I'll try to get it into this google drive folder.
I'm currently in the middle of editing and expanding on these notes. See 00_upto.txt for where I'm holding.
There are different ways that text files mark the end of the line. I'm pretty sure that mine use the unix/linux line ending, known in programming circles as \n, or newline. If you're viewing this in a windows or apple, everything might be on one line. Probably a wordprocessor, such as Microsoft word, will figure it out. Google docs will, and any android text editor. Apple should be able to figure it out; technically they're unix based. Notepad++ helps for windows. Eventually I'll get around to giving it the windows line ending, known as \r\n, or carriage return & new line.
